Added new sdk functions to README.md (#393)
cyberark/conjur-api-python3: README.md

#### `get(variable_id)`

> Gets a variable value based on its ID. Variable is binary data that should be decoded to your system's encoding (e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gets a variable value based on its ID. Variable is binary data that should be decoded to your system's encoding. For example: 
```

`get(variable_id).decode('utf-8')`.

#### `get_many(variable_id[,variable_id...])`

> Gets multiple variable values based on their IDs. Variables are returned in a dictionary that maps the variable name to

Reviewer: a dictionary? Is that the industry word? A dictionary is a מילון

Reviewer: I found this: "The Dictionary class is the abstract parent of any class, such as Hashtable , which maps keys to values. Every key and every value is an object." Is this what a dictionary in our case?

Author: yep something like that

its value.

#### `set(variable_id, value)`

Sets a variable to a specific value based on its ID.

> Note: Policy to create the variable must have already been loaded otherwise you will get a 404 error during invocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Policy to create the variable must have already been loaded, otherwise you will get a 404 error during invocation.
```

| search           | Search for resources based on specified query                |
| inspect          | List the metadata for resources                              |

#### `def list_permitted_roles(list_permitted_roles_data: ListPermittedRolesData)`

Lists the roles which have the named permission on a resource.

#### `def list_members_of_role(data: ListMembersOfData)`

> Lists the roles which have the named permission on a resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lists the resources which are members of the given resource.
```

#### `def create_token(create_token_data: CreateTokenData)`

> Create token/s for hosts with restrictions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create hostfactory token/s for creating hosts
```

> Create hostfactory token/s for creating hosts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates Host Factory tokens for creating hosts
```

( to be consistent with the others)

#### `def create_host(create_host_data: CreateHostData)`

> Use hostfactory token to create host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses Host Factory token to create host
```

> Create new host using the hostfactory endpoint

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use hostfactory token to create host
```
Actually it also can be used to rotate api key of existing host, but I'm not sure if we documented it.

#### `def revoke_token(token: str)`

> Revokes the given token

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Revokes the given hostfactory token
```

> 

Author: This is what was added

> Revokes the given hostfactory token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Revokes the given Host Factory token
```

Updates the current, logged-in user's password with the password parameter provided.

Note: the new password must meet the Conjur password complexity constraints. It must contain at least 12 characters: 2
uppercase, 2 lowercase, 1 digit, 1 special character.

#### `whoami()`

_Note: This method requires Conjur v1.9+_

> Returns a Python dictionary of information about the Client making an API request (such as its IP address, user,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a Python dictionary of information about the client making an API request (such as its IP address, user,
```
